Hello, I'm Abhinash, a CRP who takes
care of each of his clients. One of
my clients is
Raju, who is
an auto driver here in Raipur. Last
month, when he fell ill, he had to
stay in the hospital for five days for treatment.
This illness cost him his five-day earnings. First, the
hospital's attention, and then the
worry about
how he would manage his expenses after leaving the hospital. I
reminded him that he had purchased
ICICI Lombard Hotspot
Insurance from me.
He received a fixed amount from the hospital insurance
for five days. Upon providing just a discharge certificate from the hospital
and a simple claim form, his
claim was settled. At the rate of ₹500 per day,
₹2,500 for five days was credited to
his account within 14 days. Not only
this, he can avail this facility for up
to 30 days of hospitalization in a year.
Based on Raju's age and his favorite love, he had to pay a
premium of approximately ₹262 for one year. So, this is
ICICI Lombard's financial plan, in which
you can earn your heart's income.  Depending on your repayment capacity, you
can avail a protection plan ranging from ₹500 to ₹10,000 per day for a period of five to 180 days. For your information,
we have shown you some options, keeping in mind the need for a guided youth.
You
can choose your policy from a wide range of such options as per your requirement.
If you have to be hospitalized, you
can easily recover after treatment. Therefore, I suggest that you advise
all your customers to take ICICI Lombard's
Chit Fund Insurance
so that you do
n't have to worry about losing your daily earnings in case of hospitalization.
This insurance provides a
fixed amount per day, which will enrich your daily
earnings and provide financial support.
For more information,
click on ICICI Lombard on the CSC portal today
and contact your relationship
manager. Now, this is the same thing. Neither asafoetida nor alum is used, the
color remains bright.
On my suggestion, Raju bought ICICI Lombard
General Insurance and
protected himself, and you will now make your customer
Ajay insecure.
Ajay got a
jhal